OSDOCS-16941: DITA abstracts — OLM catalog/config topics (#115366)
openshift/openshift-docs: operators/admin/olm-configuring-proxy-support.adoc

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> When a cluster-wide proxy is configured, Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) applies those settings to managed Operators in {product-title}. You can override proxy configuration per Operator or inject a custom CA certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a global proxy is configured on your {product-title} cluster, Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) automatically configures Operators that it manages with the cluster-wide proxy. However, you can also configure installed Operators to override the global proxy or inject a custom CA certificate.
```
